I got a girl Amerie I am in the process
of lifting the color on this unit this
was a 1b unit and I'm actually going to
turn this into a red I'm going to use
that Manic Panic on this one guys to
turn it red I want to go for that tiny
tiny and toy your look
TI's grown that red is red I'm going to
go for that so I'm actually lifting the
color and it's starting to lift so I
will bring you guys the end results
after I put the Manic Panic in and I'm
going for a while red Manic Panic so to
give you guys the end results and don't
worry about the lace guys a lot of times
people worry about the lace whatever
whatever is underneath the lace that's
what it's going to show so I'll come
back with you guys with the end results
as always god bless bye bye hello guys
it's your girl a marine I'm going to
come with you guys and show you a
project that I'm working on this was a
1b unit I actually bleached it to lift
the color because I'm actually finna
died this one I want to turn it red like
TI's fiance tiny so this was a 1b and I
dyed it so I lifted the color from the
1b so I'm actually going in the process
of gonna diet so the color that I'm
going to use is Wow flower and that is
Manic Panic so by tomorrow guys I have
it up and load it and you guys are betas
see the in color but I just lift the
color and I'm going to diet a wild
flower so many panic that reddish color
so as always thank you guys so much
see you guys tomorrow good night hello
YouTube it's your girl amery I told you
guys I was going to come to you guys
with the finish and results from the
week that I had lifted and then I turned
around and bleached it I went with the
Manic Panic the fire red and I love the
color this is the red that I was trying
to achieve I was trying to kind of go
for that a tiny look from TI's
girlfriend that reddish color I probably
could have left it on there just a
little longer I know the girl on YouTube
says she actually went five hours but I
was kind of scared of damaging you know
the unit from going five hours when
you're dealing with longer hair you guys
it's got to need probably two of those
because the hair is so long so I just
wanted to UM come and show you guys the
finishing results to the week that I
died the fire red this is the red that I
was going for that I wanted to achieve
so as always thank you guys so much
god bless and oh the webpage is www.hs
plus wigs and hair calm so again ww
extensions plus wigs and hair comm so as
always thank you guys so much and we'll
be loading new videos with some new
wheat products thanks so much god bless